(Episode 11)
Hold on. Where did it go?
Hey, it's you, Soo Jin.
Hey.
Jae Hyun.
I can't believe I'm seeing you here.
Do you go to this school?
Yes, thank you.
Wait.
Why are you in England?
I'm on a trip.
I'm here to see a friend who goes to this school.
I see.
Anyway, it's good to see you.
You too.
I'm sorry. I have to go to class.
You should go.
Enjoy your trip and fly home safe.
Thank you.
Bye.
Hey, where's water?
Bring me water!
Goodness.
Hey, you know nothing about life.
Goodness, he's at it again.
What are you doing?
Hey, what are you doing here?
(September 2018)
- Why are you doing this? - Come here.
Let go.
Where am I?
What do you think? It's a police station.
What?
Excuse me. Officer. Please stop him.
Hey.
You're a police officer. How can you sleep at work?
Please, stop.
- Stop it. - How dare you...
Why do you cause trouble every morning?
Go home! Leave!
No, I won't.
My wife is really scary.
- Goodness. - I want to sleep.
- My gosh. - I'm going to sleep here.
- What is this? - Let me sleep here.
Did I become a police officer?
My goodness.
Officer Bong.
You must feel out of place because you just started.
I do too even though I've been here 30 years,
Excuse me. What year is it?
Hey.
You're too handsome to joke around.
It's 2018.
2018. Did you say 2018?
Are you still asleep? What's wrong with you?
We have to patrol the streets.
I'll go grab my jacket. Get ready.
Hurry up.
2018.
(Episode 11, Love always runs away)
(Seoul Gangbuk Police Station)
I was supposed to go back to the past.
Why am I in the future?
Hey.
Hey, who are you?
What are you doing?
That's right.
It wasn't midnight yet,
but I got sucked into the manhole.
This never happened before.
Why did this happen?
- Already? - Pardon?
Well, obviously I'm much...
older than you.
I don't think this is right.
What do you mean?
Should I drive?
Fine. I'll drive.
I see. Wait, I'm sorry. I'll drive.
No, I'll do it. I can drive safely.
No, I'll drive.
Will you?
Goodness.
Ma'am, I'll help you.
I got it. It's all done.
No, it's okay.
Thank you. I'll push the cart.
Which way are you going?
- This way. - This way?
- Goodness. - There.
- It's heavy. Be careful. - Okay, thank you.
- Take care. - Bye.
Gosh, this used to be a nice neighborhood.
Why do you say that? Is there a problem?
You talk as if you don't know anything.
There have been a lot of assaults at night,
so all the residents don't come out after dark.
If I catch that culprit...
I'm going to...
Please report your location.
We're patrolling Haewoo-dong area.
101 Samho Villa, 21 Haewoo-dong.
Please check the resident's status.
Patrol car 11 is on the way.
You heard that. Let's go to 21 Haewoo-dong.
- Over there. - Okay.
- Hurry up. - Hurry.
Please hurry up. This is the place.
Hurry up.
Please hurry.
This way.
It's this way. Hurry.
This is it.
This the police. Please open the door.
It's no use.
I've been knocking on the door for a few days.
But there's no answer.
Are you sure there's someone inside?
Maybe the person left home for a few days.
I checked the surveillance video.
She hasn't come out of the house for a month.
I'm afraid she might be dead.
That's why I called you.
I'll have to break in.
Officer Bong, call the locksmith.
Pardon? Well...
I don't know the number.
Come on.
I told you to save the number on your phone.
Did you forget?
I'm sorry.
Wait.
Hello? This is Sergeant Choi.
I need your help.
I'm at 101 Samho Villa.
- It's open. - Thank you.
Police patrol. We're coming in.
Why is it so dark in here?
Officer Bong. Open the curtains.
- Okay. - Gosh, it stinks.
I'm new to being a police officer.
But I'm already at a crime scene.
This is too much. It's just too much.
Sir. Over here.
Hey. Are you okay?
Wait.
I'll call 911.
Hello.
101 Samho Villa, 21 Haewoo-dong.
A woman is unconscious. Please hurry.
Okay.
You don't want to be seen with me?
Well, it's not that.
Hey.
Honey, do you know him?
No, I don't.
It's her.
It's the woman who dated the pharmacist.
She fainted because of malnutrition and anemia.
It's not serious though.
With the IV, she'll recover soon.
That's good to hear.
I heard...
she didn't leave her house for a month.
Yes, the neighbor called and reported.
If she hasn't been eating,
and she hasn't left her home,
it seems she has a bigger problem.
When she wakes up,
she should see a psychologist.
I understand. I'll take care of it.
Okay. Bye.
Bye.
I'll call the station.
You stay here.
Okay.
Why did she become like this?
She had pictures she took with the pharmacist.
It looks like they're still dating.
What's going on?
Excuse me. Are you awake?
Where am I?
You're in a hospital. I'm a patrol officer.
Your neighbor called and made a report.
You were unconscious when I found you.
I see.
I heard you didn't leave home for a month.
Did something happen?
No, nothing happened.
I just didn't want to go out.
Well,
you know Park Jae Hyun, don't you?
How do you know him?
I know him personally.
As far as I know,
you two dated for a long time.
By any chance, do you still see him now?
Look.
If you really know him,
please tell him...
that I'm at the hospital now.
Jae Hyun won't see me...
when I'm suffering so much because of him.
So...
please tell him on my behalf.
If he hears that I'm at the hospital,
he might be worried and come to see me.
What's wrong?
It's nothing.
The patient is awake.
Are you okay?
You may leave now.
I'll take care of the rest.
Yes, sir.
She seemed fine when I saw her last.
What happened to her?
So Jae Hyun broke up with her.
Is he dating Soo Jin then?
No, no.
It can't be since she's going to study abroad.
What?
That's Jae Hyun.
Why did she come in Soo Jin's house?
It's so great to have tea together like this...
after a long time.
I know.
Maybe I didn't come to see you for so long.
Let's often have some tea like this from now on.
I'd love that. Call me anytime.
By the way, didn't you have something to say?
Oh, what I wanted to talk about is...
If you're okay with it,
how about we go on a trip together?
Gosh, that sounds great.
It'll soon be the season for autumn colors too.
No, we're talking about...
a trip abroad.
There are a lot of good and cheap trip packages.
Travel abroad?
Isn't it too expensive though?
Come on. Pil's got a job,
so ask him to pay for it.
We're not paying for our trip either.
Then who's paying for it?
It's obvious.
There's only one person who'd do that.
Mother and Father, I'm here.
- Hi. - You're here.
Hello. I didn't know you're here too.
- Hello. - It's nice to see you.
Come sit here.
You said you'd pay for our trip abroad,
so we're suggesting that they join us.
I see.
It's good to have a company.
Right.
Gosh, what is that?
Oh, this?
I brought you some supplements.
I put enough vitamins and iron.
Make sure you have it.
Goodness.
We're still not done with what you gave us before.
You don't need to do this.
Right, you really don't have to do this.
We told him not to do this so many times,
but he continues to be like this.
Gosh, it's hot.
Hey.
What are you doing here, Dad and Mom?
We're here to have some tea.
Why did you come here and not home after work?
I mean, I saw him go in this house.
Why are you sitting here?
Goodness.
Why is it strange for our son-in-law to visit us?
You're being very strange.
What? What did you just say?
Son-in-law?
Who? This punk?
What do you mean, this punk?
Pil, watch your language to our son-in-law.
What's wrong with him? Let us take him out of here.
- Goodness. - We'll see you later.
Come out.
- Son-in-law? - Goodness.
- What's wrong with you? - Come out!
Goodness.
Is he drunk?
Pil is becoming stranger by the day.
I know. I wonder when he'll grow up.
Please understand.
Sure.
Goodness.
Goodness, seriously.
You crazy brat.
I can keep face because of you embarrass me.
Did you drink a pack of soju...
on your way or something?
No, I'm completely sober.
And what are you talking about?
Soo Jin is studying abroad so how is she married?
She went back and got married a long time ago.
What nonsense are you talking about?
You must be drunk for certain.
Go in your room and sleep.
No.
I won't believe you...
unless I see it myself.
Hey, Pil!
- Honey. - Goodness.
Is he really my son?
I doubt the fact too sometimes.
Excuse me.
How can I...
Wait, you're Soo Jin's friend.
Yes.
Soo Jin went to study abroad, right?
What are you talking about?
She got married and quit working a long time ago.
You're her friend, and you don't know it?
You left work for today?
Dal Soo.
Did you know Soo Jin got married?
What are you talking about?
It's been a year since she got married.
A year?
No, she said she was going to study abroad.
How could she get married without my knowing?
You're scaring me.
You caused a mess...
when we went to send the wedding box to her house.
What are you talking about now?
Gosh, it's so loud. I can't stand it.
You terrible scum!
He's awake.
Pil, can you hear me?
Here's the wedding invitation.
(To my friend, Pil)
Dal Soo.
Did I get beaten up by Jae Hyun?
Yes.
You got beaten up by him,
so I carried you on my back...
and took you to Jin Sook's house.
So...
I traveled a year to the future...
from when I first traveled time through the manhole.
This isn't the situation within the time travel.
It's reality.
Police officer.
What's wrong with you? Goodness.
It must be because of lack of sleep.
Go home and get some sleep.
(Visitors have arrived in front of your house.)
Who is it?
- What brings you here? - Hi.
Welcome.
Soo Jin!
Hi, Soo Jin.
We came to have some juice.
What were you doing?
I was making a lunch box for my husband.
Wait, no.
Have these fruits instead.
It's been a while since you last visited here.
Jin Sook and I are busy doing our business.
To be specific,
it's only Jin Sook who's busy all the time.
I handed you my truck on a great business spot.
How can it not be successful?
I know. I trusted you when I first took it over.
I'm not sure why it isn't going well.
Still, you can trust on the taste of my juice.
Have a glass.
Here.
What are you talking about?
It's been a year since she got married.
Are you still not seeing Dal Soo by the way?
Let's not talk about it.
It'll only upset us.
Okay.
What about you, Jin Sook?
I had no idea...
that you would date him.
Right, I'm curious too.
What do you like about him?
It's not like I date him because of something.
You never know what will happen to you after all.
We're in Soo Jin's house. Let's stop this talk.
How is everything with Jae Hyun?
You must be having a wonderful marriage life,
seeing how you make a lunchbox for him.
You're such a devoted wife.
I'm happy all the time.
- Goodness. - It's making me cringe.
Hey, the time. It's 12pm already.
Don't you have to open your stores?
- It's 12pm already. - Oh, right.
- Let's go. - I'll go out with you.
Have a great day.
- Sure. - And eat well, okay?
- Okay. - See you at Bongbong Pub.
Okay, I won't be late.
- Okay. - Bye.
Have a great day.
How can I help you today?
My eyes are too dim,
and tears keep on coming out.
Are the symptoms the same after using the medicine?
It seemed to get better,
but it happened again.
I'll make an appointment with an optometrist today.
You have to go, okay?
I'll be very thankful if you would do that.
Mr. Park.
My knees have been hurting every single night.
What should I do?
I'll give you some heat packs.
Warm your knees up before you go to bed.
And don't strain yourself climbing mountains.
Hey, Soo Jin.
Look.
Did you make all this?
You said you were sick of eating out.
So I decided to cook for once.
It looks great.
It's really good.
Try this one too.
Oh, right.
I met Pil at your dad's when I stopped by.
- Pil? - Yes.
He must've been drunk or something.
He said something odd when he walked in.
I don't think he can accept that we're married.
He said he can't believe how I'm married to you.
Goodness, Pil.
That must've been awkward for you.
He looked drunk, so I'll let him slide.
Eat up.
Do you want this?
How did things turn out like this?
Hey.
- I have something to say. - Yes?
I...
want to start running a studio.
Would it be okay for me to open it up again?
It hasn't been long since you closed it.
You've worked hard until now.
Don't you deserve a longer break?
I don't think I'm the housekeeping type.
I'm dying to work.
Really?
Then let's give it a thought.
Okay.
Oh, we're meeting my friends tonight.
I know. I'll be there as soon as I close.
Okay.
- Are you all right? - Yes.
- Honey. - I ate too much.
I'll go get something to drink.
My friend runs a juice truck nearby.
Sure.
Keep eating, okay?
Hey, Pil.
What are you doing here?
Oh, I'm on my way home after work.
I heard you said something odd at my parents' house.
Oh, it's...
I'm sorry. I must've been out of it.
You should stop drinking.
You'll ruin your health.
Soo Jin.
Are you...
really married?
What are you talking about?
It's just that...
I still can't believe it.
You're not sober yet.
Go home and sleep.
I'll see you tonight at Bongbong Pub.
You do know that we're meeting up tonight, right?
Yes, right.
Okay.
Okay, then. See you later.
How are your shoulders?
I feel much better after your massage.
You must've strained yourself because of Pil.
Gosh, I'm so frustrated whenever I think of him.
I guess he still thinks of Soo Jin...
whenever he gets drunk.
He can't get over 28 years of feelings at once.
Time will do the magic.
I hate how Soo Jin's mom boasts about Jae Hyun,
and I hate seeing Pil...
all by himself without a girlfriend.
Then what can we do?
These...
are the women interested in a blind date with him.
Let's see.
What about her?
Her eyes are very kind. Doesn't she look nice?
I feel like she might be nicer than her.
The corners of her mouth...
are pointing upward. That's good luck.
You're right.
I like all of them,
but I can't marry all of them to Pil.
It doesn't matter what we think.
Pil has no intention of going on a blind date.
He might change his mind once he meets them.
I mean, all of them are as great as Soo Jin.
Right, we have nothing to lose.
Let's ask him.
I'm going to rest.
[VIU Ver] Episode 11 Manhole "It was a Turning Point for Us"
-= Ruo Xi =-
I can't believe Soo Jin is married.
Was this something that couldn't be stopped?
Hey, Pil.
I know you're tired, but take a look at this.
What do you think?
Her ideal type is a police officer.
I think she'll be a great match with you.
I'm not going on blind dates, Mom.
Will you at least take a look at her picture?
She's really pretty too.
She's as pretty as any celebrities.
No. I'll live alone for the rest of my life.
When will you get over Soo Jin?
All of your friends are happily married.
Will you be the only one who's sad and single?
Yes.
I'll be sad and single for the rest of my life.
(Hong Juice)
Darn it. Jin Sook's business thrived.
What's wrong with me?
Should I hand out some flyers?
You're here.
How's business?
I sold three cups.
I'll take a cup of cold juice.
And you were the one who bought all three cups.
Stop drinking this. You'll get sick.
Me? Get sick?
I'm doing fine. I'll take another cup.
We're meeting up with everyone tonight.
Will you be there?
I'm not sure if I should go or not.
Why not?
Are you afraid Dal Soo will be there?
I told you not to bring him up.
He won't be there.
He's too important now. Why would he come?
Join us. Come on.
Come on.
- I'm not sure. - Come on!
Yes?
(Blue Moon Trading Company)
Director Oh, this is next year's budget.
I need your signature.
You should check the contents.
My brother's the CEO.
I'm sure he has everything nailed down.
In that case, we'll proceed with this plan.
(Blue Moon Trading Company)
Why is life so boring?
I'm sick of it.
We're getting together tonight, Dal Soo.
You should come.
How can I go?
Hello, this is civil construction department.
Yes.
Your drain pipe is clogged?
Can you give me your address?
Okay.
I'll send someone to fix the problem.
(We're getting together tonight, Dal Soo.)
He's not replying.
I guess he won't join us again.
(Skewers On Me)
- Excuse me. - Yes?
One more bottle of sake please.
One more?
- Yes. - Okay.
Give him one more sake...
- and a free appetizer. - Okay.
By the way, your friend has been waiting for you.
Okay.
- Hey, Seok Tae. - Hey.
When did you get here?
Why didn't you call me?
I didn't want to bother you.
You're such a charismatic boss.
- Am I? - You're so cool.
Your charisma almost gave me a heart attack.
You're so cute.
Jin Sook. Do your legs hurt?
Do you want a massage?
- Here? - Yes.
There are too many people around us.
Thank you though.
You achieved your dream of opening a business.
Good job. You're awesome.
I'm proud of you.
Thank you.
Hey, is Dal Soo coming?
I'm not sure. I don't think so.
He didn't text me back.
Really?
That's terrible.
Him and Jung Ae were great together.
- Seok Tae. Wait here. - Yes?
I'll finish things up. Let's go together.
Okay.
Hey.
Eat this.
Good.
Thank you.
I can't believe they still get together.
I know.
I thought they'd stop after Soo Jin got married.
Habit is a scary thing.
It's not easy to stop hanging out...
with your old friends.
I just hope they order more food.
They always order only one salad.
Ma'am.
A pitcher of beer and one sea snails salad, please.
Okay.
I told you. Habit is a scary thing.
They drive me nuts.
(Bongbong Pub)
- Cheers. - Cheers.
- Cheers. - Drink up.
- Hey. - You're here.
- There. - Harder.
Scratch it.
Go down a little.
Why are you looking at me like that?
Jin Sook.
Why are you so nice to Seok Tae?
What do you mean?
You know they're always like this.
You're really weird every time I see you.
Are you...
two dating?
What are you saying?
We've been going out for 362 days.
After 3 days, it'll be 1 year.
- Gosh. - Goodness.
Seok Tae.
Something's different about you.
You're in a suit.
You're looking at a man in government service.
Right, Jin Sook?
- Am I cool? - Yes.
You're a civil servant too.
Congratulations. You made it.
Hey, are you making fun of me?
I passed the exam three days before you did.
I'm your senior. You're so stupid.
Okay. Congratulations.
Gosh, too much has changed in a year.
I can't get used to this.
Hey, Soo Jin!
Are we the last ones? I'm sorry.
It's good to see you all.
Hi, Pil.
Come and sit down. Jae Hyun, sit down.
Okay.
- I'll bring some chairs. - Okay.
You look pretty today.
What about the studio?
No, I didn't get permission yet.
- You're the hardest... - Really?
- one to get used to. - I'll ask again...
later.
(Bongbong Pub)
Cheers!
- Cheers! - Cheers!
- Don't drink too much. - Just this one.
How can Jae Hyun be so nice to Soo Jin?
When I get married,
I want my husband to love me a lot.
Me too.
Jang Ae, how was business today?
I had no customers.
Please give me some advice.
CEO Yoon Jin Sook is the business expert.
Okay.
I'll tell you all about my business skills.
You'll have to serve me free juice forever though.
- All right. - Me too.
Come on.
By the way,
isn't Dal Soo coming tonight?
Hey.
How dare he come here?
He left us and this neighborhood.
He should be ashamed of himself.
Come on, Goo Gil.
He's working at his dad's company.
So he must be a chief now.
He should show up looking all cool.
Why do you think he's working for his dad?
He got sick...
of living like a poor commoner.
Do you think he'll show up here?
I'll bet my entire fortune on him not showing up.
Let's not talk about Dal Soo.
- Okay. - All right.
- Cheers. - Cheers.
Seriously, don't talk about Dal Soo.
We shouldn't talk about someone who isn't here.
This is good.
This is delicious.
It's yummy.
(Bongbong Pub)
Now that I think about it,
Soo Jin's wedding was a turning point for us.
Pil and Seok Tae passed the civil servant exam.
Jung Ae got a food truck.
I started a business and became a CEO.
And you...
Goo Gil...
What about me?
You're right.
Soo Jin's wedding brought us luck.
We started dating, right?
Yes.
Why didn't that luck come to me?
What's wrong with a pool hall?
You're making a living.
It earns you a lot of money.
Thanks, Jung Ae.
That's very comforting.
Don't be too touched.
Well, since we're both here,
I want to apologize to you.
There was a small incident before the wedding.
I was too rash then.
- Come on. - Come on.
Pil deserved it.
I'd say it was an excessive friendship.
No need to apologize.
No, I should apologize.
I'm very sorry.
Gosh, Jae Hyun is such a gentleman.
It was just a happening.
Hey, Pil.
Get over it already, won't you?
By the way, are you seeing anyone?
Why do you ask?
Well, everyone has a partner.
I think you'd feel lonely.
I don't feel lonely.
You don't need to worry.
Right, there must be someone out there.
Like me and Seok Tae.
You two are nothing...
compared to Jae Hyun and Soo Jin.
They met while studying abroad in England.
And they got married.
That's what you call fate.
I'm so envious.
- Soo Jin. - Yes?
Did you two meet while studying abroad?
Yes.
It's so amazing to think back even now.
Right?
Hold on. Where did it go?
Hey, it's you, Soo Jin.
Hey.
Jae Hyun.
Soo Jin.
What? Jae Hyun.
- We meet again. - What is this?
How did you know I was here?
I don't know.
I think someone planned this out for us,
so we can go on a date.
In that sense,
how about we have dinner together today?
Sure.
I realized it then.
That there's really a destiny.
It's like a scene from "Before Sunrise".
It's so romantic.
Are you coming back from somewhere?
Hi, Jae Hyun. We went to buy the wedding gifts.
Congratulations on your wedding.
Thank you.
I didn't believe in destiny either.
But I came to believe it after I met her.
Excuse me.
- It's romantic. - Goodness.
- Yes. - What about you?
- I'll be right there. - Goodness.
I need to go move my car for someone.
- Hey. - They serve nice steaks.
- Not fish and chips? - Their steaks are good.
- He doesn't know. - I do.
The steaks are good.
- Really? - Does it rain a lot?
- Yes. - Where are you going?
- Medium? - I...
Rare?
Pil, why are you outside?
I wanted to get some fresh air.
I think all Soo Jin's friends are nice.
Can I join this gathering often from now on?
You said you ran into her in England.
It wasn't a coincidence, was it?
Pardon? What do you mean?
I feel like you approached her intentionally.
You knew she'd go study abroad...
and followed her. Something like that.
Pil, you're funny.
How did you think of that?
I guess you don't want to believe...
we're meant to be together.
I know you liked her very much in the past.
Still, she's married now.
I hope you can keep your boundaries.
I'll see how you do first.
What do you mean?
That was witty.
Wait a second. Where's Jae Hyun?
He went to move his car. I guess he's still outside.
Wait. Pil isn't here either.
He went outside when Jae Hyun did.
Maybe they're having a men's talk outside.
Right, men become much closer with each other...
after some fight.
Leave them be.
All right.
- Cheers. - Cheers.
It sounds like...
you'll take my place...
if I'm not good to her.
Oh, you understood it that way.
I didn't mean that.
I don't want to have this emotional fight with you.
Let's go in.
When did you break up with Park Young Ju?
I happened to go to her house because of work.
She was suffering a lot emotionally.
It seemed like...
it was because of you.
She needs to get over the break up by herself.
Should I be responsible for her after we broke up?
There are manners to be kept when you break up.
I'm wondering if it was because...
you ended things with her in a wrong way.
What do you know about me to say such a thing?
Do you have any idea how hard it was for me?
She kept on monitoring me and was obsessed with me.
I'm the victim.
Why do I have to hear such a thing from you?
You might know if you saw her today.
She has a mental problem.
And you trusted what she said and suspected me.
I'm speechless.
But...
why can't I trust...
anything you say?
The Park Jae Hyun I know...
always went for something unrighteous...
behind that innocent mask of his.
Look, Pil.
Stop, Jae Hyun.
Pil.
How could you say such a thing?
What do you know about him to say so?
It's all right. Let's stop.
I'll go first. Come home when it's over.
Jae Hyun.
You can't leave like this.
I told you to come later. Don't follow me.
You must've felt terrible because of him.
I apologize on his behalf.
What is he that you apologize on his behalf?
What?
Because he's my friend...
Why on earth do you go out for that gathering?
What do you mean?
Be honest.
Do you go there to meet your friends?
Or do you have someone you must see there?
What do you mean, I have someone I must see?
What are you talking about all of a sudden?
Nothing. Forget it.
Try not to join that gathering from now on.
If you have to, go alone.
It's tiring to hang out with your friends.
Jae Hyun.
What...
(Family DVD Rental)
You dropped this.
I said you dropped this.
Who parked this car in front of the store?
Goodness.
You really didn't have to walk me to here.
What do you mean?
Don't you know it's dangerous?
Don't walk around alone at night.
Thank you.
I feel safe.
- I'll see you later then. - Well...
Don't you feel good about meeting the kids tonight?
Yes, I was feeling down lately,
but I feel much better now that I met with them.
See?
Don't be so stressed out for the juice truck.
You'll have many customers soon.
Right, every dog has its day.
I'll really go in. Bye.
Bye.
- Go first. - No, you go in first.
All right.
I'll see you later.
Good night.
The juice truck?
Soo Jin.
I thought you went home with Jae Hyun.
Oh, I stopped by because I had to...
give you something.
This is great.
Take it.
Okay.
What is this?
It's a box of our memories.
It has everything you've given me...
including toys, dolls, camera,
and even pictures we took together.
It's all in there.
Why are you giving this to me?
I thought this was the only way...
we can settle our relationship for good.
I...
will give your heart back with the box too.
- Soo Jin. - Pil.
When you didn't come to my wedding,
and when you disrupted the wedding gift night,
I understood everything.
We've been friends for a very long time,
so I understand how difficult it is...
to accept that someone else is with me.
If you said you were getting married,
I think I would've felt the same way.
But...
we can't stay with each other for life.
I know you aren't very fond of Jae Hyun,
but I hope...
you can respect my decision.
Pil, forget about the past as of today,
and return as my friend.
Okay?
So why don't we...
shake hands?
Let's have a great haul, my friend.
What were you thinking when you parked your car?
What about other people?
I'll move it.
Goodness, I don't believe your manners, young man.
Shouldn't you be apologizing to me first?
Goodness.
Why are you getting off?
Move your car first.
But...
why on earth are you talking down to me?
If you want to park your car,
be quiet and stay still.
He wanted to break up with me.
He said he found another woman.
So what did you tell him?
I told him I can't do that.
Jae Hyun didn't marry her because he loved her.
He did it out of spite.
Is that why you've been lingering around him...
and keeping him under your watch?
Doctor.
I am the only one...
who can make Jae Hyun happy.
She doesn't know anything about him.
If she finds out his true colors,
she won't be able to take it.
(Soo Jin is ugly.)
This is driving me nuts, Soo Jin.
I should congratulate you on your marriage,
and I should be saying,
"I'm glad you look..."
"very happy."
But...
I just can't do that.
Yes, I can't live like this.
I came back to my reality,
and I finally became a police officer too.
But without Soo Jin, my life is meaningless.
Soo Jin.
I will turn everything around.
I will change this no matter what it takes...
to get you back.
What?
What is this?
Where did the manhole go?
What's...
What's going on?
(Manhole)
Soo Jin, we decided to be just friends,
but why is that so hard for me?
Did you ever have any feelings for Pil?
I'm serious.
What can I do to make you believe?
Forget about it. Just go.
Seok Tae, if you won't do it,
I'll do it myself.
Is he really traveling through time?
Do you love her more than you love me?
That looks like his ex-girlfriend.
I thought they broke up. Why are they meeting up?